You have said before that it is impossible
to have only successes, and you have
told an example, but the reality
is that you have demonstrated
an exceptional smell, because projects
that triumph over projects that
fail are very few and you have had
the luck, but not luck probably
to give with several of the great
successes.
Then I would like it a lot, I think
it is if you tell us what you are looking
at, how you analyze a company,
what you are looking at, whether
they are metric people, I don’t know,
to invest or not to invest.
Well, depending on the stage of the business,
I fix myself on some variables or other,
that is, in a company that you
will be mounting from the start,
obviously there are no metrics,
I fix myself if there is capacity
for the market so that it is
a model, a big business.
And then, on the other hand, I got a lot...
I’m going to go for a look, right?
The size of the market.
The size of the market is fundamental,
at least for me, and that’s what
I need to know if so.
Second, the idea, the business you
want to build is creating real added
value, that is, there is a real competitive
advantage, that is, there are shortcomings
in that sector in which you
want to build it, that you
can cover by doing it better,
with many fewer resources than
your competitors, because
they are much larger.
Yes or not.
If the answer is yes at that
moment, it is when what I do is try
to surround myself with the best
team, the best team, and in the
end that choice is what will mark
your company.
Then there is another
important thing, which I always
ask, is timing.
I will give you a simple example so that
you can see it clearly.
If I had 20 instead of being mounted
in 2004, when Facebook had not yet
arrived in Spain, if I had mounted
in 2008, I don’t know it with certainty,
but I can assure that probably
in a very high percentage,
it would not have been successful.
Timing is also important.
I love it, because you have
said four factors that are key,
market size, value creation,
because there is a problem that
has not yet been solved, and
also not only that it resolves
a problem, but it resolves a
problem with certain competitive
advantages, in a more efficient
way than current solutions
or whatever.
We said team, the third leg,
and the fourth said timing.
I think this is a good summary
of the four factors to be analyzed.